[BUGS-5309] Add option for disabling commits to Solr (#559)
pantheon-systems/solr-power: README.md

      add_filter( 'solr_dismax_query', 'my_solr_dismax_query' );

## Common issues ##

* Failing to post the schema.xml will result in an error during indexing, "Missing `post_date_iso` field."
* If you have the field and type in the schema, but don't add the `solr_build_document` filter, you will get a similar error.
* If the `post_date_iso` field is missing from the index, Solr will ignore this boost and return regular results.
* Trying to use a regular date field for the boost query will result in an error in the request instead of results.

## Explicit Commit VS Autocommit ##

> Once solr has sent the data to the solr server, solr must COMMIT the data to the index and adjust the index and
> relevancy ratings accordingly before that data can appear in search results. By default, SolrPower does this
> when it sends every post. It may be necessary on occasion to disable this behavior (e.g. when importing a lot
> of posts via CSV). To do this, you need add the following code to your index.php in the root of your site install:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once solr has sent the data to the solr server, solr must COMMIT the data to the index and adjust the index and
relevancy ratings accordingly before that data can appear in search results. By default, Solr Search for WordPress does this when it sends every post. It may be necessary on occasion to disable this behavior (e.g. when importing a lot of posts via CSV). To do this, you need add the following code to your index.php in the root of your site install:
```

```php
define( 'SOLRPOWER_DISABLE_AUTOCOMMIT', true );
```

> When this variable is defined, SolrPower will not commit the index until the cron runs. By default, the cron runs
> on the pantheon platform every hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this variable is defined, Solr Search for WordPress will not commit the index until the cron runs. By default, the cron runs on the pantheon platform every hour.
```
